PROJECT HONEY POT TERMS OF WEBSITE USE

Unspam, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company ("Unspam") provides
this website, all the content under this domain, and its services to you
subject to the following conditions. Whether you or your agents visit
the Website you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
"Website" includes, but is not limited to, all content under this domain
(including subdomains) and the domains (including subdomains)
Unspam.com, Unspam.net, Unspam.org, ProjectHoneyPot.org,
ProjectHoneyPot.net, ProjectHoneyPot.com and any other domain or
subdomain owned or operated by Unspam.

SECTION 1: COPYRIGHTS

All content included on the Website, such as text, graphics, logos,
button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations,
and software, as well as the compilation of that content into one,
coherent website, is the property of Unspam and protected by United
States and international copyright laws. Reproduction of the content of
the Website without the written permission of Unspam is prohibited.

SECTION 2: TRADEMARKS AND SERVICEMARKS

PROJECT HONEY POTª, PROJECTHONEYPOT.ORGª, PROJECT HONEY POT VERIFIEDª,
UNSPAMª, the Project Honey Pot logo, the Unspam logo, and other Project
Honey Pot and Unspam graphics, logos, page headers, button icons,
scripts, and service names are trademarks, certification marks, service
marks, or other trade dress of Unspam or its subsidiaries. Unspam's
trademarks, certification marks, service marks, and trade dress have
inherent meaning and substantial value because of their restricted use.
They may not be used in connection with any product or service that is
not Unspam's, in any manner without Unspam's permission. All other
trademarks not owned by Unspam or its subsidiaries that appear on the
Website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not
be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Unspam or its
subsidiaries.

SECTION 3: LICENSE TO ACCESS WEBSITE AND SERVICES

In consideration for accessing the Website, Unspam's other services
(including, but not limited to, those services related to Project Honey
Pot),Unspam grants you a limited license to access and make personal use
of the Website. This license prohibits your downloading (other than page
caching) or modifying any portion of it, except with express, written
consent of Unspam. This license does not allow resale of Project Honey
Pot or Unspam's services. You may not frame or utilize framing
techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary
information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Project
Honey Pot or Unspam without express written consent of Unspam. You may
not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Project Honey
Pot or Unspam's name or trademarks without the express written consent
of Unspam. Any unauthorized use automatically terminates the permission
or license granted by Unspam and may incur legal liabilities for any
damages.

You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a
hyperlink to any non-password protect directories, so long as the link
does not portray Project Honey Pot or Unspam, its affiliated websites,
or its services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise
offensive matter. You may not use any of Project Honey Pot or Unspam's
proprietary graphics or trademarks as part of the link without express
written permission.

SECTION 4: SPECIAL LICENSE RESTRICTIONS FOR NON-HUMAN VISITORS

Special restrictions on a visitor's license to access the Website apply
to Non-Human Visitors. Non-Human Visitors include, but are not limited
to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any
other computer programs designed to access, read, compile or gather
content from the Website automatically. Non-Human Visitors are
restricted from taxing the resources of the Website beyond what would be
typical of a human visitor.

Furthermore, as specified by the "no-email-collection" flag in the
header pages within the Website and/or the contents of the robots.txt
file, email addresses on this site are considered proprietary
intellectual property of the author of the Website. It is recognized
that these email addresses are provided for human visitors alone, and
have value in part because they are accessible only to said human
visitors. By continuing to access the Website, You acknowledge and agree
that each email address the Website contains has a value not less than
US $50 derived from their relative secrecy. You further agree that the
compilation, storage, and potential distribution of these addresses by
Non-Human Visitors substantially diminish the value of these addresses.
Intentional collection, harvesting, gathering, or storing email
addresses by Non-Human Visitors is recognized under this agreement as a
violation of this agreement and expressly prohibited.

Any Non-Human Visitors to the Website shall be considered agents of the
individual(s) who control or author them. These individuals shall
ultimately be responsible for the behavior of their Non-Human Visitor
agents and are liable for violations of the Terms of Service.

SECTION 5: RECORDS OF VISITOR USE AND ABUSE

As a visitor to the Website, you consent to having your Internet
Protocol address recorded. An email address may appear on our pages (the
"Identifier") if we suspect potential abuse. The Identifier is uniquely
matched to your Internet Protocol address. Visitors agree not to use
this address for any reason. VISITORS AGREE THAT HARVESTING, GATHERING,
STORING, TRANSFERRING TO A THIRD PARTY OR SENDING ANY MESSAGE(S) TO THE
IDENTIFIER CONSTITUTES AN ACCEPTANCE AND SUBSEQUENT BREACH OF THESE
TERMS OF SERVICE.

SECTION 6: ACCOUNTS AND PASSWORDS

If you are issued an account, you are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your account and password, and you agree to accept
responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or
password. Unspam reserves the right to, under its sole discretion,
refuse service, terminate accounts, and remove or edit entries on any of
its websites or services.

SECTION 7: DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED BY UNSPAM ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE"
BASIS. UNSPAM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE, THE
EFFECTIVENESS OF ITS SERVICES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS,
OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THE WEBSITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE
OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY
APPLICABLE LAW, UNSPAM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. UNSPAM MAKES REASONABLE EFFORTS,
BUT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS SERVERS, OR EMAIL SENT FROM
ANY OF ITS DOMAINS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
UNSPAM WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE 
USE OF THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO 
NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR 
LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL 
OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO 
YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

SECTION 8: APPLICABLE LAW

By visiting the Website, you agree that the laws of the United States
and, specifically, those of the state of Illinois, without regard to
principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and
any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Unspam or its
affiliates. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with
this Agreement shall be adjudicated in Cook County, Illinois, USA.

SECTION 9: OUR ADDRESS

Unspam, LLC
850 W. Adams, Suite 4e
Chicago, IL 60607-3096
http://www.unspam.com/

October 8, 2004